Cluster set contains 8 clusters.
Cluster 0 contains 1 phrases
	 Cobalt is a ferromagnetic transition metal exhibiting a high Curie temperature of 1388 K ( ferromagnetic – paramagnetic transition ) and a high saturation magnetization ( 1422 emu cm−3 ) at room temperature .
The cluster centroid pattern is: <Blank> name is a ferromagnetic transition metal exhibiting a high specifier of value <Blank> units ( with confidence score 1.0
Cluster 1 contains 1 phrases
	 The DC susceptibility curves of the EuS nanocrystals show a transition temperature TC at around 15 K ( estimated from the inflection point of the curves ) and a thermal irreversibility below Tir = 14 K .
The cluster centroid pattern is: the name show a transition temperature specifier at around value <Blank> units ( with confidence score 1.0
Cluster 2 contains 1 phrases
	 In what concerns the other range ( > 40 K ) , we observe a maximum at 60 K ( Fig. 6b ) , probably related to a EuO - like environment located at the surface of the nanocrystals , since EuO has a Tc at 69 K .
The cluster centroid pattern is: since name has a specifier at value <Blank> units . with confidence score 1.0
Cluster 3 contains 1 phrases
	 The much smaller value of TB compared to the Curie temperature ( 627 K ) of bulk Ni suggests that the thickness of the Ni shell is very small .
The cluster centroid pattern is: the specifier <Blank> value <Blank> units ) of name suggests with confidence score 1.0
Cluster 4 contains 1 phrases
	 CoS2 is ferromagnetic with a Curie temperature of 116 K and Co9S8 is antiferromagnetic with a Néel temperature above the decomposition temperature .
The cluster centroid pattern is: <Blank> name is ferromagnetic with a specifier of value <Blank> units and with confidence score 1.0
Cluster 5 contains 1 phrases
	 In the family of magnetic NPs , magnetite ( Fe3O4 ) has recently attracted much attention due to its high Curie temperature ( Tc ∼ 850 K ) , good biocompatibility , high magnetic moment , and relatively good air - stability .
The cluster centroid pattern is: , name has recently attracted much attention due to its high specifier ∼ value <Blank> units ) with confidence score 1.0
Cluster 6 contains 1 phrases
	 Magnetite ( Fe3O4 ) is probably the most studied half metal because of it high Curie temperature ( ∼ 858 K ) , which is critical for device applications .
The cluster centroid pattern is: <Blank> name is probably the most studied half metal because of it high specifier ∼ value <Blank> units ) with confidence score 1.0
Cluster 7 contains 1 phrases
	 Among them , BiFeO3 ( BFO ) has received the most attention , due to its high ferroelectric Curie temperature ( ∼ 1103 K ) and the AFM Neel temperature ( ∼ 647 K ) .
The cluster centroid pattern is: , name ( name ) has received the most attention , due to its high ferroelectric specifier ∼ value <Blank> units ) with confidence score 1.0
